c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\ConferenceApp.Android.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\ConferenceApp.Android.pdb
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\ConferenceApp.Android.apk
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\ConferenceApp.Android-Signed.apk
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\ConferenceApp.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\crypto.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Firebase.Xamarin.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\JWT.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Animated.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.CustomTabs.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Design.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v4.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.AppCompat.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.CardView.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.MediaRouter.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.v7.RecyclerView.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Android.Support.Vector.Drawable.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\ConferenceApp.pdb
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.pdb
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.CurrentActivity.xml
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.pdb
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\ConferenceApp.Android.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\ConferenceApp.Android.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\ConferenceApp.Android.pdb
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\bin\ConferenceApp.Android.apk
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable\icon.png
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-hdpi\icon.png
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xhdpi\icon.png
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\res\drawable-xxhdpi\icon.png
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\tabbar.xml
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\res\layout\toolbar.xml
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\res\values\styles.xml
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\R.cs.flag
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\uploadflags.txt
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.Abstractions.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.dll
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.pdb
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.xml
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.Abstractions.pdb
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.Abstractions.xml
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.dll.mdb
c:\Users\Ferid\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Plugin.Share.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\tr-TR\ConferenceApp.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\ru-RU\ConferenceApp.resources.dll
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Compression.Portable.dll
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Pdf.Portable.dll
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Compression.Portable.xml
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\Syncfusion.Pdf.Portable.xml
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\ConferenceApp.Android.dll.config
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\SendGridSharp.dll
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\System.Net.Mail.dll
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\ConferenceApp.dll.config
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\ConferenceApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\bin\Debug\ConferenceApp.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\ConferenceApp.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\ConferenceApp.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\FormsViewGroup.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Share.Abstractions.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Plugin.Share.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.Android.dll.mdb
C:\Users\Ferid\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp\ConferenceApp.Android\obj\Debug\android\assets\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll.mdb
